Document the GlobalConfig resource as a TransportServer pre-requisite (#92)
nginxinc/nginx-ingress-operator: examples/deployment-oss-min/README.md

1. Delete the namespace:
    ```
    kubectl delete namespace my-nginx-ingress
    ```
   
## TransportServers

TransportServers provide support for TCP/UDP but are in active development and provided as a preview feature. 
A GlobalConfig resource is used to specify the TCP/UDP listeners and is required by TransportServers. 

> To use TransportServers, you must create a GlobalConfig resource *before* starting the Operator.

Reviewer: should we specify that it has to be created after namespace(s)?

Author: updated

1. Delete the namespace:
    ```
    kubectl delete namespace my-nginx-ingress
    ```
   
## TransportServers

TransportServers provide support for TCP/UDP but are in active development and provided as a preview feature. 
A GlobalConfig resource is used to specify the TCP/UDP listeners and is required by TransportServers. 
To use TransportServers, you must create a GlobalConfig resource *after* creating the namespace and *before* starting the Operator.

```
Step 1. namespace
Step 2. global configuration <--- in this order
Step 3. ingress controller
...
```

```
kubectl apply -f global-configuration.yaml
```

> Then update the NginxIngressController to use the global configuration by adding the following config to `nginx-ingress-controller.yaml`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then update the NginxIngressController to use the GlobalConfiguration by adding the following config to `nginx-ingress-controller.yaml`
```
